#summary Instructions for loading and running the emulator.

Unzip the archive into a folder.  The last part of the filename denotes the Wii and Gamecube version.  Select the one for your console.

= ROMS, Preferences, and Saves =

Your SNES rom images must be in the Super Magicom (SMC) or FIG format. Generally,
all images you find will be in this format, but if you run across one that isn't
please download RTOOL which will allow you to convert the image into SMC format.

By default, ROMs are loaded from "snes9x/roms/" and saves and preferences are 
stored in "snes9x/saves/".  Therefore you should have the following folders:

snes9x/roms/

snes9x/saves/

== Wii ==

On the Wii, you can load roms from any SD card (Front SD, SD Gecko, etc) or from USB.

== Gamecube ==

You can load roms from DVD or SD card. If you create a bootable DVD of Snes9xGx you can put roms on the same DVD.

= Loading / Running the Emulator =

== Via Homebrew Channel ==

The most popular method of running homebrew on the wii is through the Homebrew
Channel. If you already have the channel installed, just copy over the apps folder
included in the archive into the root of your SD card (the version 
for wii is included in the apps/Snes9xGX/ folder renamed to boot.dol).

Remember to also create the snes9x/roms and snes9x/saves directories. See above.

If you haven't installed the homebrew channel yet, read about how to here: http://hbc.hackmii.com/

== Gamecube ==

You can load it via sdload and an SD card in slot A, or by streaming it to your
cube, or by booting a bootable DVD with it on it. This document doesn't cover
how to do any of that. A good source for information on these topics is the
tehskeen forums: http://www.tehskeen.com/forums/